Revise configuration-related docs (#1082)
scalar-labs/scalardb: docs/two-phase-commit-transactions.md

> # Two-Phase Commit Transactions

Reviewer: @feeblefakie So, should we also rename it to `Transactions with a two-phase interface`?

Author: @brfrn169 Yes. @feeblefakie reminded me of the following comment from a different PR: https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb/pull/934#issuecomment-1644890585

With that in mind, I've changed mentions of `two-phase commit transactions` to `transactions with a two-phase commit interface` in this PR. I've also noted this wording in the Vale style guide that I currently reference on my side and will change it on docs moving forward.

ScalarDB supports executing transactions by using a two-phase interface called *two-phase commit transactions*. With two-phase commit transactions, you can execute a transaction that spans multiple processes or applications, like in a microservice architecture.

This page explains how two-phase commit transactions work in ScalarDB and how to configure and execute them in ScalarDB.

## How two-phase commit transactions work in ScalarDB

> ScalarDB normally executes transactions in a single transaction manager instance with a one-phase commit interface, which we call normal transactions. In normal transactions, you begin a transaction, execute CRUD operations, and commit the transaction in the same transaction manager instance.

Author: @brfrn169 (cc: @feeblefakie) I can see how the phrase `normal transactions` could be a little awkward. How about we use the following instead?:

```suggestion
ScalarDB normally executes transactions in a single transaction manager instance by using a one-phase commit interface. In one-phase commit transactions, you begin a transaction, execute CRUD operations, and commit the transaction in the same transaction manager instance.
```

> ScalarDB normally executes transactions in a single transaction manager instance with a one-phase commit interface, which we call normal transactions. In normal transactions, you begin a transaction, execute CRUD operations, and commit the transaction in the same transaction manager instance.

Reviewer: Sounds good to me.

@feeblefakie What do you think?

> ScalarDB normally executes transactions in a single transaction manager instance with a one-phase commit interface, which we call normal transactions. In normal transactions, you begin a transaction, execute CRUD operations, and commit the transaction in the same transaction manager instance.

Reviewer 2: I think `one-phase commit transactions` sounds like optimized two-phase commit transactions, so it might be misleading.
So, how about `transactions with one-phase commit interface`?

> ScalarDB normally executes transactions in a single transaction manager instance with a one-phase commit interface, which we call normal transactions. In normal transactions, you begin a transaction, execute CRUD operations, and commit the transaction in the same transaction manager instance.

Author: @feeblefakie I see. I'm OK with your suggestion👍

```suggestion
ScalarDB normally executes transactions in a single transaction manager instance with a one-phase commit interface. In transactions with a one-phase commit interface, you begin a transaction, execute CRUD operations, and commit the transaction in the same transaction manager instance.
```

For the process or application that begins the transaction to act as Coordinator, you should use the following `begin` method:

```java
// Begin a transaction.
TwoPhaseCommitTransaction tx = transactionManager.begin();
```

Or, for the process or application that begins the transaction to act as Coordinator, you should use the following `start` method:

```java
// Start a transaction.
TwoPhaseCommitTransaction tx = transactionManager.start();
```

Alternatively, you can use the `begin` method for a transaction by specifying a transaction ID as follows:

```java
// Begin a transaction by specifying a transaction ID.
TwoPhaseCommitTransaction tx = transactionManager.begin("<TRANSACTION_ID>");
```

Or, you can use the `start` method for a transaction by specifying a transaction ID as follows:

```java
// Start a transaction by specifying a transaction ID.
TwoPhaseCommitTransaction tx = transactionManager.start("<TRANSACTION_ID>");
```

{% capture notice--info %}
**Note**

You must guarantee the uniqueness of the transaction ID in this case. To get the transaction ID with `getId()`, you can specify the following:

```java
tx.getId();
```
{% endcapture %}

> <div class="notice--info">{{ notice--info | markdownify }}</div>

Author: @brfrn169 Similar to the changes we made in `api-guide.md` in https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb/pull/1084/, should we move this note to the `### Join a transaction (for participants)` section and add it to the `### Resume a transaction` section?

Ref: 
- https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb/blob/e577fdd1cf63df00646a0a41bb6e0b479728ba8d/docs/api-guide.md?plain=1#L372
- https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb/blob/e577fdd1cf63df00646a0a41bb6e0b479728ba8d/docs/api-guide.md?plain=1#L395

Reviewer: Yes please. Thanks!

            .filter(Objects::nonNull)
            .collect(Collectors.toList());

    // If any of the transactions successfully committed, you can regard the transaction as committed.
    if (exceptions.size() < transactions.length) {
      if (!exceptions.isEmpty()) {
        // You can log the exceptions here if you want.
      }

      return; // Commit was successful.
    }

    //
    // If all the transactions failed to commit:

>     //

Author: This comment seems to slightly contradict the next comment, which mentions "If **any** of the transactions failed to commit ...."

Is there content missing here?

Author: @brfrn169 Thank you for the explanation. I think I understand this part now.

How about we reword it as follows?

```suggestion
    //
    // If all the transactions failed to commit, one of the following exceptions will be thrown as described:
    //
```

Reviewer: Maybe this change is not necessary.

This logic is that, we basically throw the first exception listed in `exceptions`, but if any of the `exceptions` is `UnknownTransactionStatusException`, we prioritize throwing it instead. So I think we can keep it as it is. Thank you.

Author: OK, I'll keep this as is for now since it's safe to assume that users will understand this part.
